Wang Chuyi, you are Fan Dasen's fiancee
How do you know my full name?
You investigated me?
It's not easy, it's not easy
Chu Chu
I didn't expect you to be with such a scumbag
I really misjudged you
Brother Tao, give him some color to see
I still want to run, let go, let go
Brother Tao, this bitch, I'll leave it to you
Don't worry baby
I will definitely let him get out of the way
Omori
Why are you here?
Mr. Fan
This woman just spoke evil words to Chu Chu
I almost did it.
My parents called me up
Here we go.
Omori, I didn't let him do it, it's none of my business
get out of the way
Hey, what's going on?
Isn't Mr. Fan's fiancee Chu Chu?
Mr. Fan is such an upright person
I didn't expect this.